README.md, before:

BARGE Rulebook Redux
====================

This is my revision of the BARGE rulebook intended for a multi-author audience.

This is an attempt to produce readable input text, HTML, and PDF output from
one set of documents.

Markdown is an easy-to-edit but subtly ambiguous format that has become
popular.  This format has a few things going for it: it reads as text, so the
input format is readable and looks great in email; it renders to HTML well and
supports links; and it can be turned into LaTeX, which renders well on a
printed page.

In order to make this acceptable in terms of text representation, I've used
Github-Flavored Markdown, which allows for tables, footnotes, and other
niceities.

For the HTML version, a program needs to exisst that provides a usable table of
contents.  I wrote one that does a marginally acceptable job.

TBD: The LaTeX conversion is not easy, for reasons I don't understand.

Building the Rulebook
---------------------

HTML: `make rulebook.html` should do it.

LaTeX: Unsolved.  Markdown can easily be translated to LaTeX, but I haven't
found a tool that does the right work to make it into a "book" with a table of
contents.  This is not a huge amount of work, but it hasn't been required yet
(and I'm hoping a hyperlinked document is more useful).

Markdown notes
--------------

Markdown is deeply ambiguous.  This tries to stick to GitHub-flavored Markdown
which allows for footnotes, tables, and triple-quote "code" blocks that are 
occasionally useful for rudimentary diagrams.

### markdown-toc

`markdown-toc` is required.  This is available on GitHub as of this writing
[here](http://github.com/ts4z/markdown-toc).  This is a thin wrapper around
Goldmark, a Go-based Markdown parser that supports a table-of-contents
extension.  `markdown-toc` allows for "front matter" to be prepended and a
linked TOC to be built out of the Markdown.  This rulebook is the reason the
tool exists, so it's possible we could add other features as needed.

`markdown-toc` is set to generate internal anchors (`id` attributes) on the
HTML nodes that can be linked to with a hash anchor in the URL.  These are
based on the section headings, and can be obtained from the table of contents
section.

Commit message:

Start splitting main.md into different files.
Remove LaTeX stuff; we're not motivated to sort out the Unicode
issues now.

README.md, after:

BARGE Rulebook Redux
====================

This is my revision of the BARGE rulebook intended for a multi-author audience.

This is an attempt to produce readable input text, HTML, and PDF output from
one set of documents.

Markdown is an easy-to-edit but subtly ambiguous format that has become
popular.  This format has a few things going for it: it reads as text, so the
input format is readable and looks great in email; it renders to HTML well and
supports links; and it can be turned into LaTeX, which renders well on a
printed page.

In order to make this acceptable in terms of text representation, I've used
Github-Flavored Markdown, which allows for tables, footnotes, and other
niceities.

For the HTML version, a program needs to exisst that provides a usable table of
contents.  I wrote one that does a marginally acceptable job.

TBD: The LaTeX conversion is not easy, for reasons I don't understand.

Building the Rulebook
---------------------

HTML: `make rulebook.html` should do it for now.  This is a simple tool that I
wrote to get an acceptable table of contents.

Nice printed version: Unsolved.  Markdown can easily be translated to LaTeX.
There are several tools that do this well.  Unfortunately I have chosen to use
Unicode instead of things that predate Unicode.  I'm hoping a hyperlinked
document is more useful than page numbers.

Future Work
-----------

Right now the rulebook is two files, one that goes before the Table of Contents
and one with all of the other text.  This isn't ideal.  mdbook's approach is
better, but I haven't done all the work to switch to it yet.

Markdown notes
--------------

Markdown is deeply ambiguous.  This tries to stick to GitHub-flavored Markdown
which allows for footnotes, tables, and triple-quote "code" blocks that are 
occasionally useful for rudimentary diagrams.

### markdown-toc

`markdown-toc` is required.  This is available on GitHub as of this writing
[here](http://github.com/ts4z/markdown-toc).  This is a thin wrapper around
Goldmark, a Go-based Markdown parser that supports a table-of-contents
extension.  `markdown-toc` allows for "front matter" to be prepended and a
linked TOC to be built out of the Markdown.  This rulebook is the reason the
tool exists, so it's possible we could add other features as needed.

`markdown-toc` is set to generate internal anchors (`id` attributes) on the
HTML nodes that can be linked to with a hash anchor in the URL.  These are
based on the section headings, and can be obtained from the table of contents
section.
