src/appendix-lowball-scales.md, before:

Appendix A: Lowball Scales
==========================

Badugi
------
In this game, a badugi is defined as a four-card hand that contains no pairs and
no repeated suits (i.e. “rainbow”). The best hand in most badugi games is 432A
rainbow. In badeucy, which is a split-pot game based on badugi and deuce-to-seven
triple draw, the game is modified so that 5432 rainbow is the best badugi, in order
to make a "nut-nut” hand possible in that game.

The weakest badugi hand is KQJT rainbow. It would beat any non-badugi hand.
If no one makes a badugi, the best three card hand wins. The best three-card is
32A rainbow. If two players have the same three-card, the fourth card is NOT
used. For instance, if Player A has 7♠ 3♠ 2♥ A♦ and Player B has 3♣ 3♦ 2♠
A♥, they would split the pot with 32A. If Player A has 7♠ 4♣ 2♥ 2♦, they have
742 and beat Player B with 7♦ 5♣ A♥ A♦, which is a 75A. If no one has a
three-card hand, then best two-card hand is used, and so on.

California Lowball, aka Ace-to-Five or A-5
------------------------------------------

In California Lowball, 5432A is the best hand, often called the “wheel”. Aces count
low, straights and flushes DO NOT count against for evaluation of the best lowball
hand. Think of your hand as a five-digit number with the Ace being a one.
If all players at showdown are paired, the lowest pair would win. For example,
AA765 would beat 22543. If players have the same pair, then the lowest remaining
part of the hand would win. So AA654 would beat AA732.

If the joker/bug is being used, it is used as the lowest card that does not pair any
other card held. If you held 653A-Joker, you would use the Joker as a deuce and
your hand would be 6532A.

This scale is used in California Lowball, Badacey, Hold’em High/Low
Eight-orBetter, Omaha Eight-or-Better, Binglaha, Oklahoma, 2 or 5 Omaha
Eight-or Better, 4 Card Chowaha Eight-or-Better, Razz, Razzdugi, Stud
Eight-or-Better, and Stud High/Low No Qualifier.

In most split pot games played with the California Lowball scale, an
Eight-orBetter is needed to qualify for the low hand. If no player has an
Eight-or-Better, then the high hand will scoop the pot. The worst lowball hand
that will qualify in Eight-or-Better is 87654.

California Lowball, Badacey, Razz, Razzdugi, and Stud High/Low No Qualifier
do not use Eight-or-Better in evaluation of the low hand. California Lowball
traditionally uses the “Sevens Rule” (see Appendix B) with no check and raise
allowed.

Kansas City Lowball, a.k.a. Deuce-to-Seven or 2-7
---------------------------------------
In Kansas City Lowball, 75432 (not single suited) is the best hand, also often
called the “wheel”. Aces count high, straights and flushes DO count against for
evaluation of the best lowball hand. Again, think of your hand as a five-digit
number, but the Ace is no longer a one and straights/flushes are bad.

Note that A5432 is NOT a straight in deuce-to-seven. It is a perfect Ace high (see
Section A.4) and would beat all other ace-low hands and any paired hand.

Again, if all players at showdown are paired, the lowest pair would win. But 22543
would beat AA765, as 22 is the lowest pair and AA the highest pair. If somehow
all players remaining have a straight, the lowest straight wins. 76543 would beat
87654. Similarly, if all players remaining have a flush, the lowest flush wins. 86543
flush would beat 95432 flush. The joker/bug is rarely used; if it is used, it is used
as the lowest card that makes a low hand. For example, if you held 6543-Joker,
you would use the Joker as an eight and your hand would be 86543. You would
not use the Joker as either a deuce or seven because in this case, either of those
ranks would make a straight.

This scale is used in Deuce-to-Seven Triple Draw, Badeucy, and Deuce-to-Seven
Razz. Check and raise is allowed and no analog of the “Sevens Rule” exists.

Another common game with this scale is No Limit Deuce-to-Seven Lowball, played
with a single draw. Traditionally, players must enter the pot for at least a minimum
raise in this game (i.e. no limping is allowed).

London Lowball, aka Ace-to-Six or A-6
--------------------------------

This variation is seldom seem in games played in American casinos. It is similar
to California Lowball in that the Ace is low, but unlike California Lowball and
similar to Kansas City Lowball in that straights and flushes count against you.
The best hand is 6432A (not single suited).

Probably the most common game that uses it is called “London Lowball”, which
is razz played with the Ace-to-Six scale and usually played pot limit rather than
fixed limit. This version made its BARGE debut in 2018.

Smooth Hands/Rough Hands/Perfect Hands
--------------------------------

You will often hear words such as smooth, rough, or perfect used in describing a
lowball hand. Let’s consider California lowball as an example. A smooth seven
would be a seven-high hand that is one of the lowest sevens, for example 7543A.
The “smoothest” seven is called a perfect seven, which would be 7432A. Conversely,
a rough hand is one of the highest sevens, such as 76432. The “roughest” seven
would be 76543.

Here’s a Kansas City lowball example: 85432 is the perfect eight. 86432 would
be described as a smooth eight, and sometimes even a hand like 87432 would be
described as a smooth eight-seven. A hand like 87642 is a rough eight. Note that
87654 is not a rough eight, but a straight that would be an extremely poor hand!
It is up to debate at what point a hand is no longer smooth but is now rough.

Rank of Lowball Hands
---------------------

In lowball, it is traditional to speak of strong hands as “Number #x”. For example,
if a player announces their hand as “Number #4” (i.e. the fourth best possible
hand), in California Lowball they would have 6542A, and in Kansas City Lowball
76542. Of course, in the table below the hand cannot be single-suited (a flush)
to qualify in either Deuce-to-Seven or Ace-to-Six. Notice the Ace-to-Six hands
are obtained merely by subtracting one from each “digit” of the corresponding
Deuce-to-Seven hand.

Notice in Ace-to-Five there is one five (the wheel or nuts), 5 sixes, and 15 sevens,
for a total of 21 hands that are a seven-or-better (i.e. where the “Sevens Rule”
would apply). There are 35 eights, so a total of 56 hands that are Eight-or-Better.
In Deuce-to-Seven, there are four sevens, 14 eights, and 34 nines, for a total of 52
hands that are nine-or-better. Number #53 is the perfect ten, in case Bill Chen
quizzes you. The same is true in Ace-to-Six; again, merely subtract one from each
of these ranks.

| # | A-to-5 | 2-to-7 | A-to-6 |
|---|--------|--------|--------|
|1|5432A|75432|6432A|
|2|6432A|76432|6532A|
|3|6532A|76532|6542A|
|4|6542A|76542|6543A|
|5|6543A|85432|7432A|
|6|65432|86432|7532A|
|7|7432A|86532|7542A|
|8|7532A|86542|7543A|
|9|7542A|86543|75432|
|10|7543A|87432|7632A|
|11|75432|87532|7642A|
|12|7632A|87542|7643A|
|13|7642A|87543|76432|
|14|7643A|87632|7652A|
|15|76432|87642|7653A|
|16|7652A|87643|76532|
|17|7653A|87652|7654A|
|18|76532|87653|76542|
|19|7654A|95432|8432A|
|20|76542|96432|8532A|
|21|76543|96532|8542A|
|22|8432A|96542|8543A|
|23|8532A|96543|85432|
|24|8542A|97432|8632A|
|25|8543A|97532|8642A|
|26|85432|97542|8643A|
|27|8632A|97543|86432|
|28|8642A|97632|8652A|
|29|8643A|97642|8653A|
|30|86432|97643|86532|
|31|8652A|97652|8654A|
|32|8653A|97653|86542|
|33|86532|97654|86543|
|34|8654A|98432|8732A|
|35|86542|98532|8742A|
|36|86543|98542|8743A|
|37|8732A|98543|87432|
|38|8742A|98632|8752A|
|39|8743A|98642|8753A|
|40|87432|98643|87532|
|41|8752A|98652|8754A|
|42|8753A|98653|87542|
|43|87532|98654|87543|
|44|8754A|98732|8762A|
|45|87542|98742|8763A|
|46|87543|98743|87632|
|47|8762A|98752|8764A|
|48|8763A|98753|87642|
|49|87632|98754|87643|
|50|8764A|98762|8765A|
|51|87642|98763|87652|
|52|87643|98764|87653|
|53|8765A|T5432|9432A|
|54|87652|T6432|9532A|
|55|87653|T6532|9542A|
|56|87654|T6542|9543A|

Commit message:

Fix links to be mdbook style and elaborate Lowball section.

src/appendix-lowball-scales.md, after:

Appendix A: Lowball Scales
==========================

"What beats what" is well defined (specifically, in [another
appendix](./appendix-what-beats-what.md), but "low" has a few different
interpretations.  Deuce-to-seven low is the clearest inversion of poker hand
order, but in California, lowball was almost always played with a variant
called ace-to-five.  Rarely, a third order known as "ace-to-six" was used as
well (as seen in the climax of the Robert Altman film [California
Split](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0071269/)).

In recent years, another variant called Badugi has become popular, which seems
still less related to classic poker hand order.

Badugi
------

In this game, a badugi is defined as a four-card hand that contains no pairs and
no repeated suits (i.e. “rainbow”). The best hand in most badugi games is 432A
rainbow. In badeucy, which is a split-pot game based on badugi and deuce-to-seven
triple draw, the game is modified so that 5432 rainbow is the best badugi, in order
to make a "nut-nut” hand possible in that game.

The weakest badugi hand is KQJT rainbow. It would beat any non-badugi hand.
If no one makes a badugi, the best three card hand wins. The best three-card is
32A rainbow. If two players have the same three-card, the fourth card is NOT
used. For instance, if Player A has 7♠ 3♠ 2♥ A♦ and Player B has 3♣ 3♦ 2♠
A♥, they would split the pot with 32A. If Player A has 7♠ 4♣ 2♥ 2♦, they have
742 and beat Player B with 7♦ 5♣ A♥ A♦, which is a 75A. If no one has a
three-card hand, then best two-card hand is used, and so on.

California Lowball, aka Ace-to-Five or A-5
------------------------------------------

In California Lowball, 5432A is the best hand, often called the “wheel”. Aces count
low, straights and flushes DO NOT count against for evaluation of the best lowball
hand. Think of your hand as a five-digit number with the Ace being a one.
If all players at showdown are paired, the lowest pair would win. For example,
AA765 would beat 22543. If players have the same pair, then the lowest remaining
part of the hand would win. So AA654 would beat AA732.

If the joker/bug is being used, it is used as the lowest card that does not pair any
other card held. If you held 653A-Joker, you would use the Joker as a deuce and
your hand would be 6532A.

This scale is used in California Lowball, Badacey, Hold’em High/Low
Eight-orBetter, Omaha Eight-or-Better, Binglaha, Oklahoma, 2 or 5 Omaha
Eight-or Better, 4 Card Chowaha Eight-or-Better, Razz, Razzdugi, Stud
Eight-or-Better, and Stud High/Low No Qualifier.

In most split pot games played with the California Lowball scale, an
Eight-orBetter is needed to qualify for the low hand. If no player has an
Eight-or-Better, then the high hand will scoop the pot. The worst lowball hand
that will qualify in Eight-or-Better is 87654.

California Lowball, Badacey, Razz, Razzdugi, and Stud High/Low No Qualifier
do not use Eight-or-Better in evaluation of the low hand. California Lowball
traditionally uses the “Sevens Rule” (see Appendix B) with no check and raise
allowed.

Kansas City Lowball, a.k.a. Deuce-to-Seven or 2-7
-------------------------------------------------

In Kansas City Lowball, 75432 (not single suited) is the best hand, also often
called the “wheel”. Aces count high, straights and flushes DO count against for
evaluation of the best lowball hand. Again, think of your hand as a five-digit
number, but the Ace is no longer a one and straights/flushes are bad.

Note that A5432 is NOT a straight in deuce-to-seven. It is a perfect Ace high (see
Section A.4) and would beat all other ace-low hands and any paired hand.

Again, if all players at showdown are paired, the lowest pair would win. But 22543
would beat AA765, as 22 is the lowest pair and AA the highest pair. If somehow
all players remaining have a straight, the lowest straight wins. 76543 would beat
87654. Similarly, if all players remaining have a flush, the lowest flush wins. 86543
flush would beat 95432 flush. The joker/bug is rarely used; if it is used, it is used
as the lowest card that makes a low hand. For example, if you held 6543-Joker,
you would use the Joker as an eight and your hand would be 86543. You would
not use the Joker as either a deuce or seven because in this case, either of those
ranks would make a straight.

This scale is used in Deuce-to-Seven Triple Draw, Badeucy, and Deuce-to-Seven
Razz. Check and raise is allowed and no analog of the “Sevens Rule” exists.

Another common game with this scale is No Limit Deuce-to-Seven Lowball, played
with a single draw. Traditionally, players must enter the pot for at least a minimum
raise in this game (i.e. no limping is allowed).

London Lowball, aka Ace-to-Six or A-6
-------------------------------------

This variation is seldom seem in games played in American casinos. It is similar
to California Lowball in that the Ace is low, but unlike California Lowball and
similar to Kansas City Lowball in that straights and flushes count against you.
The best hand is 6432A (not single suited).

Probably the most common game that uses it is called “London Lowball”, which
is razz played with the Ace-to-Six scale and usually played pot limit rather than
fixed limit. This version made its BARGE debut in 2018.

Smooth Hands/Rough Hands/Perfect Hands
--------------------------------------

You will often hear words such as smooth, rough, or perfect used in describing a
lowball hand. Let’s consider California lowball as an example. A smooth seven
would be a seven-high hand that is one of the lowest sevens, for example 7543A.
The “smoothest” seven is called a perfect seven, which would be 7432A. Conversely,
a rough hand is one of the highest sevens, such as 76432. The “roughest” seven
would be 76543.

Here’s a Kansas City lowball example: 85432 is the perfect eight. 86432 would
be described as a smooth eight, and sometimes even a hand like 87432 would be
described as a smooth eight-seven. A hand like 87642 is a rough eight. Note that
87654 is not a rough eight, but a straight that would be an extremely poor hand!
It is up to debate at what point a hand is no longer smooth but is now rough.

Rank of Lowball Hands
---------------------

In lowball, it is traditional to speak of strong hands as “Number #x”. For example,
if a player announces their hand as “Number #4” (i.e. the fourth best possible
hand), in California Lowball they would have 6542A, and in Kansas City Lowball
76542. Of course, in the table below the hand cannot be single-suited (a flush)
to qualify in either Deuce-to-Seven or Ace-to-Six. Notice the Ace-to-Six hands
are obtained merely by subtracting one from each “digit” of the corresponding
Deuce-to-Seven hand.

Notice in Ace-to-Five there is one five (the wheel or nuts), 5 sixes, and 15 sevens,
for a total of 21 hands that are a seven-or-better (i.e. where the “Sevens Rule”
would apply). There are 35 eights, so a total of 56 hands that are Eight-or-Better.
In Deuce-to-Seven, there are four sevens, 14 eights, and 34 nines, for a total of 52
hands that are nine-or-better. Number #53 is the perfect ten, in case Bill Chen
quizzes you. The same is true in Ace-to-Six; again, merely subtract one from each
of these ranks.

| # | A-to-5 | 2-to-7 | A-to-6 |
|---|--------|--------|--------|
|1|5432A|75432|6432A|
|2|6432A|76432|6532A|
|3|6532A|76532|6542A|
|4|6542A|76542|6543A|
|5|6543A|85432|7432A|
|6|65432|86432|7532A|
|7|7432A|86532|7542A|
|8|7532A|86542|7543A|
|9|7542A|86543|75432|
|10|7543A|87432|7632A|
|11|75432|87532|7642A|
|12|7632A|87542|7643A|
|13|7642A|87543|76432|
|14|7643A|87632|7652A|
|15|76432|87642|7653A|
|16|7652A|87643|76532|
|17|7653A|87652|7654A|
|18|76532|87653|76542|
|19|7654A|95432|8432A|
|20|76542|96432|8532A|
|21|76543|96532|8542A|
|22|8432A|96542|8543A|
|23|8532A|96543|85432|
|24|8542A|97432|8632A|
|25|8543A|97532|8642A|
|26|85432|97542|8643A|
|27|8632A|97543|86432|
|28|8642A|97632|8652A|
|29|8643A|97642|8653A|
|30|86432|97643|86532|
|31|8652A|97652|8654A|
|32|8653A|97653|86542|
|33|86532|97654|86543|
|34|8654A|98432|8732A|
|35|86542|98532|8742A|
|36|86543|98542|8743A|
|37|8732A|98543|87432|
|38|8742A|98632|8752A|
|39|8743A|98642|8753A|
|40|87432|98643|87532|
|41|8752A|98652|8754A|
|42|8753A|98653|87542|
|43|87532|98654|87543|
|44|8754A|98732|8762A|
|45|87542|98742|8763A|
|46|87543|98743|87632|
|47|8762A|98752|8764A|
|48|8763A|98753|87642|
|49|87632|98754|87643|
|50|8764A|98762|8765A|
|51|87642|98763|87652|
|52|87643|98764|87653|
|53|8765A|T5432|9432A|
|54|87652|T6432|9532A|
|55|87653|T6532|9542A|
|56|87654|T6542|9543A|
