src/big-blind-ante.md, before:

Big Blind Ante
--------------

In games with a *big blind ante*, the player in the big blind posts an ante for
the entire table.  This amount will be listed in the structure for the game or
tournament, but is usually the amount of the big blind.

Tournaments utilizing a big blind ante will also list the number of players at
which the ante will be reduced, usually to the amount of the small blind.  (In
the 2024 WSOP, and at the 2024 BARGE, this was at four players.)

In accordance with the 2024 TDA rules and its Recommended Procedure 11 (RP-11),
in the event a player in the big blind is unable to pay both the big blind and
the ante, the big blind will be paid first.  That is, if the ante and big blind
are both T100 (so the big blind player owes T200), and the player in the big
blind has only T50, and is called by the button and the small blind who both
must pay the full blind, the main pot would have T150 and the side pot would
have T100.

In accordance with RP-11, the big blind ante will not be reduced late in the
event.

### Discussion

Traditionally in no-limit Texas Hold’em tournaments, the blind structure used
was that two players posted blinds (the small blind and big blind) each hand.
Additionally, most tournaments featured an ante that would be posted by each
player before every hand, typically starting a few levels into the tournament. This
is done to further drive the action by increasing the amount of chips and thus the
incentive to enter the pot.

One of the disadvantages of having every player make an individual ante is time,
in terms of having the dealer gather up the antes, make change, remind forgetful
players to ante, and to deal with disagreements about unposted antes.

In the 2010s, a new idea known as the *big blind ante* was introduced in
tournament poker and quickly became the standard, where the player in the big
blind would post an ante for the entire table. One should think of the big
blind ante as a shared ante that all players take turn in paying rather than an
extra “penalty” for being in the big blind. The reason why the big blind ante
is not assigned to another position, such as the button, is that every hand
will have a player in the big blind but sometimes there will be a dead button.

Some controversies about the big blind ante include: (a) how large should it
be; (b) should the size of the big blind ante be reduced in short-handed
situations; and (c) how should the situation be handled where the player in the
big blind does not have sufficient chips to post both the ante and the big
blind.  One should always consult the structure sheet and/or the tournament
director to verify how any particular tournament is handling the big blind.

The "which came first" problem has had several answers, and this was very
contentious for many years among the TDA.  One prominent TD was of the opinion
that the ante came first (it is, after all, the literal meaning of the term
ante), but other TDs noted that this means that an all-in player can only win
their ante.

In 2024, the TDA announced that the blinds would come first.

Commit message:

Fix the text to clarify how our rule differs from TDA RP-11.

src/big-blind-ante.md, after:

Big Blind Ante
--------------

In games with a *big blind ante*, the player in the big blind posts an ante for
the entire table.  This amount will be listed in the structure for the game or
tournament, but is usually the amount of the big blind.

Tournaments utilizing a big blind ante will also list the number of players at
which the ante will be reduced, usually to the amount of the small blind.
At BARGE 2024, this was at four players.

This rule tends to differ from poker room to poker room, so it is important to
check the structure sheet.

### Discussion

Traditionally in no-limit Texas Hold’em tournaments, the blind structure used
was that two players posted blinds (the small blind and big blind) each hand.
Additionally, most tournaments featured an ante that would be posted by each
player before every hand, typically starting a few levels into the tournament. This
is done to further drive the action by increasing the amount of chips and thus the
incentive to enter the pot.

One of the disadvantages of having every player make an individual ante is time,
in terms of having the dealer gather up the antes, make change, remind forgetful
players to ante, and to deal with disagreements about unposted antes.

In the 2010s, a new idea known as the *big blind ante* was introduced in
tournament poker and quickly became the standard, where the player in the big
blind would post an ante for the entire table. One should think of the big
blind ante as a shared ante that all players take turn in paying rather than an
extra “penalty” for being in the big blind. The reason why the big blind ante
is not assigned to another position, such as the button, is that every hand
will have a player in the big blind but sometimes there will be a dead button.

Some controversies about the big blind ante include: (a) how large should it
be; (b) should the size of the big blind ante be reduced in short-handed
situations; and (c) how should the situation be handled where the player in the
big blind does not have sufficient chips to post both the ante and the big
blind.  One should always consult the structure sheet and/or the tournament
director to verify how any particular tournament is handling the big blind.

### Differences with TDA Recommended Procedure-11

TDA Recommended Procedure-11 recommends that the big blind ante amount not be
reduced.  BARGE prefers the rule described above.

The "which comes first" problem has been contentious for many years among the
TDA.  In 2024, the TDA changed RP-11 and recommended that the blinds would come
first.  Previously, in 2022, there was no recommendation, and in 2019, they
recommended the ante came first.
