src/mississippi-stud.md, before:

Mississippi Stud and Variants
-----------------------------

Mississippi offers a variant of [Stud](./stud.md) that works better in a
[pot-limit](./pot-limit.md) format.  This section describes the Mississippi
variant of three common games, [Stud (High Only)](./stud.md), [Stud High/Low
Eight-or-Better](./stud-high-low-eight-or-better.md) (abbreviated Stud/8
below), and [Razz](./razz.md).

### Forced Money

The game is played with a button and blinds.

### Dealing Procedure

Starting with the player in seat one, each player is dealt two cards face down
and then one card up, followed by a round of betting, starting with the player
to the left of the big blind (as is usual for games with blinds).

Two up cards are dealt to each player in the way stud up cards are dealt, that
is, starting in seat 1. This is followed by a round of betting.  The betting
for this round and later rounds is initiated by the best high poker hand
showing for Stud and Stud/8, or for the best low hand if playing Mississippi
Razz (as is usual for the non-Mississippi versions of these games).

A fourth up card is dealt to all players. This is followed by a round of
betting.

A fifth up card is dealt to all players. This is followed by a round of
betting.

If there are not enough cards in the stub to deal every remaining player a
card, a single community card is dealt instead.

### Evaluating the Showdown

In Mississipi Stud, the best high five-card hand wins the pot.

In Mississippi Stud High-Low, the pot is split between
the best high five-card hand and the best California low hand with an 8 qualifier.
(If there is no low hand, the high hand scoops.)

In Mississippi Razz, the best five-card California low hand wins the pot.

### Notes

Mississippi Stud is intended to be played [pot-limit](./pot-limit.md).
Mississippi can also be played in a [limit](./limit.md) format.

The game was designed by David Zanetti to be a version of stud more amenable to
a big-bet format than standard seven-card stud. See [this entry from the old
RGP
FAQ](https://web.archive.org/web/20150907103507/http://www.rgpfaq.com/mississippi-stud.html).

Commit message:

Try to tease apart variations/games, and minor reorganization.

src/mississippi-stud.md, after:

Mississippi Stud (and Variations)
---------------------------------

Mississippi offers a variant of [Stud](./stud.md) that works better in a
[pot-limit](./pot-limit.md) format.  This section describes the Mississippi
variant of three common games, [Stud (High Only)](./stud.md), [Stud High/Low
Eight-or-Better](./stud-high-low-eight-or-better.md) (abbreviated Stud/8
below), and [Razz](./razz.md).

### Forced Money

The game is played with a button and blinds.

### Dealing Procedure

Starting with the player in seat one, each player is dealt two cards face down
and then one card up, followed by a round of betting, starting with the player
to the left of the big blind (as is usual for games with blinds).

Two up cards are dealt to each player in the way stud up cards are dealt, that
is, starting in seat 1. This is followed by a round of betting.  The betting
for this round and later rounds is initiated by the best high poker hand
showing for Stud and Stud/8, or for the best low hand if playing Mississippi
Razz (as is usual for the non-Mississippi versions of these games).

A fourth up card is dealt to all players. This is followed by a round of
betting.

A fifth up card is dealt to all players. This is followed by a round of
betting.

If there are not enough cards in the stub to deal every remaining player a
card, a single community card is dealt instead.

### Evaluating the Showdown

In general, the evaluation is the same as the base game.  Specifically:

- In Mississipi Stud, the best high five-card hand wins the pot.
- In Mississippi Stud High-Low, the pot is split between the best high
  five-card hand and the best California low hand with an 8 qualifier.  (If
  there is no low hand, the high hand scoops.)
- In Mississippi Razz, the best five-card California low hand wins the pot.

### Variations

Mississippi Stud is sometimes played with an ante and bring-in.

### Notes

Mississippi Stud is intended to be played [pot-limit](./pot-limit.md).
Mississippi can also be played in a [limit](./limit.md) format.

The game was designed by David Zanetti to be a version of stud more amenable to
a big-bet format than standard seven-card stud. See [this entry from the old
RGP
FAQ](https://web.archive.org/web/20150907103507/http://www.rgpfaq.com/mississippi-stud.html).
