Preface
=======

This rulebook is an update of Christopher J. Mecklin's excellent rulebook from
July 2021.  The rulebook had fallen a bit out of date since it was last
updated.  It was written for the 2021 BARGE tournaments.  Additionally, BARGE
being BARGE, and poker players being poker players, some newer games have been
made up.

This rulebook codifies various poker games that may feature, or may have
featured, at BARGE.  It is not a replacement for the host casino's rulebook, or
the TDA rules, although it does duplicate some of that ground.  It specifically
covers some procedures for some of the things that are unique to BARGE.

This 2024 edition provides a few new games, and a new format that is is
intended to be able to make a more web-accessible version with working
hyperlinks.

Because this was initially reconstructed from the PDF of the 2021 rulebook,
many formatting errors were introduced.  In particular, paragraph breaks were
not maintained well.  Many, but likely not all, have been fixed.  To offset
this, a few formatting errors from the 2021 edition were fixed.  See if you can
find them all!

Improving this Rulebook
-----------------------

Please report errors to [Tim Showalter](mailto:tjs@psaux.com) so we can update
the rulebook.

As of this writing, I'm taking submissions and other corrections for the
rulebook.  The "source code" for the rulebook is now available on GitHub
[here](https://github.com/ts4z/barge-rulebook), including an version history of
changes since the 2024 reconstruction.

I would like to keep this rulebook fairly light, but having more context on
each game would still be welcome.


From the Preface from the 2021 Edition
--------------------------------------

(This section has been slightly edited to stay consistent with the updated
rulebook.)

This document contains the rules of many forms of poker, some of which will be
played in BARGE 2021 tournaments, others in tournaments in past years, and yet
others only in BARGE cash games or home games.

I obtained these rules from a copy of the official rule book for the XXV
25-Game Mix poker tournament played at BARGE XXV in 2015. That rule book was
originally written by Patrick Milligan and Rich Bremer and is reproduced here
with their permission. Also, rules for some of the stranger games came from an
archived version of the BARGE website, called the [BARGE Poker Game Rule
Archive](http://web.archive.org/web/20120721203440/http://www.barge.org/rules/).
I have also referred to [Bob Ciaffone’s Robert’s Rules of
Poker](https://www.betsperts.com/poker/robs-poker-rules/)[^1].

[^1]: This link has been updated, as RRP has moved with Bob Ciaffone's passing.

Note that the rule book, unless otherwise noted, is written under the
assumption that the games are being played in a limit format, with a small
betting limit and a large betting limit. Please make appropriate adjustments
when playing that game in the pot-limit or no-limit format.

[A description of the chapters and layout has been removed, since it was out of
date with the updated rulebook.]

This document also includes Appendices explaining the [“Sevens Rule”
(originally written by Michael Weisenberg)](./appendix-sevens-rule.md) and
various [Lowball Scales](./appendix-lowball-scales.md) (written by me [Chris
Mecklin]).

