src/preface.md, before:

Preface
=======

This rulebook is an update of Christopher J. Mecklin's excellent rulebook from
July 2021.  The rulebook had fallen a bit out of date, since it was written for
the 2021 BARGE tournaments; and BARGE being BARGE, and poker players being
poker players, some newer games have been made up.

This book was initially reconstructed in 2024 from the PDF of the 2021 edition.
Many formatting errors were introduced.  Many, but likely not all, have been
fixed.

This rulebook codifies various poker games that may feature, or have been
featured, at BARGE.  It is a supplement for the host casino's rulebook and the
TDA rules, not a replacement for them.  This rulebook does duplicate some of
them, but more importantly, it covers the things that are unique to BARGE.

### Web version and PDF Version

This version of the rulebook is provided in both a web page and a LaTeX-based
PDF book which is better for printing.

The web version represents the full book.  Currently, it is continually updated
at [https://www.barge.org/rulebook/](https://www.barge.org/rulebook/)
when there are changes.  At that site, you can print the web version of the book.
This prints as a web page and will lack a table of contents.

For printing, the PDF version is recommended.  This version is available at
[https://www.barge.org/rulebook.pdf](https://www.barge.org/rulebook.pdf).
This comes with a nice table of contents and page numbers.  This version
includes hyperlinks when viewed electronically, but it is not as easy to
navigate as a web page or on a mobile device.  (This version may also be
slightly out of date compared to the web version, as updating it requires an
extra trivial step, easily forgotten.)

### Improving this Rulebook

Please report suggestions to [Tim Showalter](mailto:tjs@psaux.com) so we can
update the rulebook.

The source code for the rulebook available on GitHub at
[https://github.com/ts4z/barge-rulebook](https://github.com/ts4z/barge-rulebook).
You are encouraged to send pull requests.  Of course, if you're not technically
inclined, you can provide suggestions over email, or over beers.  In all cases,
*substantive text changes are preferred over vague suggestions*.  If possible,
please try to match the style of other games or rules.

Having a little more context on each game would be welcome.

Because the rulebook is generated in multiple versions, there are some
technical limits as to what we can provide.  I apologize in advance if I am
unable to accomidate some suggestions.

### Preface from the 2021 Edition

(This section has been slightly abridged from the 2021 edition.)

This document contains the rules of many forms of poker, some of which will be
played in BARGE 2021 tournaments, others in tournaments in past years, and yet
others only in BARGE cash games or home games.

I obtained these rules from a copy of the official rule book for the XXV
25-Game Mix poker tournament played at BARGE XXV in 2015. That rule book was
originally written by Patrick Milligan and Rich Bremer and is reproduced here
with their permission. Also, rules for some of the stranger games came from an
archived version of the BARGE website, called the [BARGE Poker Game Rule
Archive](http://web.archive.org/web/20120721203440/http://www.barge.org/rules/).
I have also referred to [Bob Ciaffone’s Robert’s Rules of
Poker](https://www.betsperts.com/poker/robs-poker-rules/).  [This link has been
updated, as RRP has moved with Bob Ciaffone's passing.]

Note that the rule book, unless otherwise noted, is written under the
assumption that the games are being played in a limit format, with a small
betting limit and a large betting limit. Please make appropriate adjustments
when playing that game in the pot-limit or no-limit format.

This document also includes Appendices explaining the [“Sevens Rule”
(originally written by Michael Weisenberg)](./sevens-rule.md) and various
[Lowball Scales](./lowball-scales.md) (written by me [Chris Mecklin]).

Commit message:

Improve preface text around print/web versions.
I managed to hide the "print" icon a while ago, because that version is bad, but I missed this text.

src/preface.md, after:

Preface
=======

This rulebook is an continuing update of Christopher J. Mecklin's excellent rulebook from
July 2021.  The rulebook had fallen a bit out of date, since it was written for
the 2021 BARGE tournaments; and BARGE being BARGE, and poker players being
poker players, some newer games have been made up.

This book was initially reconstructed in 2024 from the PDF of the 2021 edition.
Many formatting errors were introduced.  Many, but likely not all, have been
fixed.

This rulebook codifies various poker games that may feature, or have been
featured, at BARGE.  It is a supplement for the host casino's rulebook and the
TDA rules, not a replacement for them.  This rulebook does duplicate some of
them, but more importantly, it covers the things that are unique to BARGE.

### Web version and PDF Version

This version of the rulebook is provided in both a web page and a LaTeX-based
PDF book which is better for printing.

The web version represents the full book.  It is continually updated
at [https://www.barge.org/rulebook/](https://www.barge.org/rulebook/)
when there are changes.

We also have a PDF version, intended for printing and use at the table.
This is available at
[https://www.barge.org/rulebook.pdf](https://www.barge.org/rulebook.pdf).
This has a proper table of contents and page numbers.  It also
includes hyperlinks when viewed electronically, but it is not as easy to
navigate as the web version, and is hard to use on a phone or tablet.  (This version may also be
slightly out of date compared to the web version, as updating it requires an
extra trivial step, easily forgotten.)

### Improving this Rulebook

Please report suggestions to [Tim Showalter](mailto:tjs@psaux.com) so we can
update the rulebook.

The source code for the rulebook available on GitHub at
[https://github.com/ts4z/barge-rulebook](https://github.com/ts4z/barge-rulebook).
You are encouraged to send pull requests.  Of course, if you're not technically
inclined, you can provide suggestions over email, or over beers.  In all cases,
*substantive text changes are preferred over vague suggestions*.  If possible,
please try to match the style of other games or rules.

Having a little more context on each game would be welcome.

Because the rulebook is generated in multiple versions, there are some
technical limits as to what we can provide.  I apologize in advance if I am
unable to accomidate some suggestions.

### Preface from the 2021 Edition

(This section has been slightly abridged from the 2021 edition.)

This document contains the rules of many forms of poker, some of which will be
played in BARGE 2021 tournaments, others in tournaments in past years, and yet
others only in BARGE cash games or home games.

I obtained these rules from a copy of the official rule book for the XXV
25-Game Mix poker tournament played at BARGE XXV in 2015. That rule book was
originally written by Patrick Milligan and Rich Bremer and is reproduced here
with their permission. Also, rules for some of the stranger games came from an
archived version of the BARGE website, called the [BARGE Poker Game Rule
Archive](http://web.archive.org/web/20120721203440/http://www.barge.org/rules/).
I have also referred to [Bob Ciaffone’s Robert’s Rules of
Poker](https://www.betsperts.com/poker/robs-poker-rules/).  [This link has been
updated, as RRP has moved with Bob Ciaffone's passing.]

Note that the rule book, unless otherwise noted, is written under the
assumption that the games are being played in a limit format, with a small
betting limit and a large betting limit. Please make appropriate adjustments
when playing that game in the pot-limit or no-limit format.

This document also includes Appendices explaining the [“Sevens Rule”
(originally written by Michael Weisenberg)](./sevens-rule.md) and various
[Lowball Scales](./lowball-scales.md) (written by me [Chris Mecklin]).
