src/reno-straight.md, before:

Reno Straight
=============

We actually have no idea what this game is called, but Greg Raymer told us he
played in Reno, so here we are.

This game is allegedly a variant of [Big O](big-o.md).

## Forced Money

The game is played with a button and blinds.

## Dealing Procedure

Each player is dealt five cards face down, followed by a round of betting at the
small bet limit.

Two boards of three community cards are placed face up. This is followed by a round of betting
at the small bet limit.

Two additional community cards are placed face up, one for each board.. This is followed by a round of
betting at the big bet limit.

Two additional community cards are placed face up, one for each board. This is followed by a round of
betting at the big bet limit.

This is followed by a showdown.

## Evaluating the Showdown

The best Omaha hand, and the best *straight* split the pot, using either board.

This game is played "best-best".  Unlike most double-board games, the best high
hand (using either board) and the best low hand (using either board) split the
pot.

If at showdown, no one can make a straight, the high hand scoops.

Commit message:

Add example for Reno Straight.

src/reno-straight.md, after:

Reno Straight
=============

We actually have no idea what this game is called, but Greg Raymer told us he
played in Reno, so here we are.

This game is allegedly a variant of [Big O](big-o.md).

## Forced Money

The game is played with a button and blinds.

## Dealing Procedure

Each player is dealt five cards face down, followed by a round of betting at the
small bet limit.

Two boards of three community cards are placed face up. This is followed by a round of betting
at the small bet limit.

Two additional community cards are placed face up, one for each board.. This is followed by a round of
betting at the big bet limit.

Two additional community cards are placed face up, one for each board. This is followed by a round of
betting at the big bet limit.

This is followed by a showdown.

## Evaluating the Showdown

The best Omaha hand, and the *lowest straight* split the pot, using either board.

Both hands must be made using three cards from the board and two hole cards.

This game is played "best-best".  Unlike most double-board games, the best high
hand (using either board) and the best low hand (using either board) split the
pot.

If at showdown, no one can make a straight, the high hand scoops.

Example: 

```
Board 1: K♣Q♣2♦3♦6♣
Board 2: A♦K♦Q♠T♠T♣

Hand 1: A♣3♥T♥5♣
Hand 2: 9♦T♥J♠Q♥
```

Hand 1 makes the nut flush (A♣K♣Q♣6♣5♣) on the top board and two pair
(K♣K♦Q♣Q♠) on the bottom board.  Hand 2 has just one pair on the top board, but
on the second board, it makes a straight A♦K♦Q♠J♠T♥ and a full house
Q♥Q♠T♠T♣T♥.

The full house is the best high hand, and takes half the pot.  The only
straight is Broadway, so it takes the other half of the pot.  Both the hands
are made with one board.

The second player scoops.
