src/stud.md, before:

Stud
----

Stud, also known as Seven-Card Stud, was a dominant game in many cities
throughout the '70s.

### Forced Money

The game is played with antes. The low card on the board by rank first and then
by suit brings it in. The 2♣ is the lowest possible card followed by the 2♦, 2♥,
2♠, and so on.

### Dealing Procedure

Starting with the player in seat one, each player is dealt two cards face down then
one card up, followed by a round of betting at the small bet limit,
starting with the player with the bring-in.

A second up card is dealt to all active players. This is followed by a round of
betting at the small bet limit.  If a player shows an open pair a bet or raise may
optionally be a big bet.[^1] In this case a small bet can be met by a big bet raise. A
big bet may never be met with a small bet raise. Action starts with the highest
hand showing.

A third up card is dealt to all active players. This is followed by a round of betting
at the big bet limit.

A fourth up card is dealt to all active players. This is followed by a round of
betting at the big bet limit.

A third down card is dealt to all active players. This is followed by a round of
betting at the big bet limit. This is followed by a showdown.

[^1]: Many cardrooms no longer allow a double-bet for an exposed pair in Stud.

### Evaluating the Showdown

The best high five-card hand wins the pot.

Commit message:

Add Latex version back. (#6)
Text has been edited to discuss the two versions, and also some
pagesmithing to get rid of all of the overfull hbox errors.
Footnotes have been removed (CommonMark doesn't understand them).
Section names have been shortened since this was a frequent source
of overfull hboxes.  Some tables are omitted.

Like the 2021 book, suits are four-color; unlike the 2021 book, all
suits are filled in, and the color green is easier to read.

* Capitalize as "Rulebook" not "Rule Book"
* Add all the LaTeX stuff to .gitignore.
* Improve Notes section.
* Rename Super Stud section to just that.
* Add 'book' to .gitignore.

src/stud.md, after:

Stud
----

Stud, also known as Seven-Card Stud, was a dominant game in many cities
throughout the '70s.

### Forced Money

The game is played with antes. The low card on the board by rank first and then
by suit brings it in. The 2♣ is the lowest possible card followed by the 2♦, 2♥,
2♠, and so on.

### Dealing Procedure

Starting with the player in seat one, each player is dealt two cards face down then
one card up, followed by a round of betting at the small bet limit,
starting with the player with the bring-in.

A second up card is dealt to all active players. This is followed by a round of
betting at the small bet limit.  If a player shows an open pair a bet or raise may
optionally be a big bet (but see below). In this case a small bet can be met by a big bet raise. A
big bet may never be met with a small bet raise. Action starts with the highest
hand showing.

A third up card is dealt to all active players. This is followed by a round of betting
at the big bet limit.

A fourth up card is dealt to all active players. This is followed by a round of
betting at the big bet limit.

A third down card is dealt to all active players. This is followed by a round of
betting at the big bet limit. This is followed by a showdown.

#### Double-Bet on Fourth Street

Historically, a bet at the higher limit was allowed on fourth street if any
player had an exposed pair.

However, many cardrooms no longer allow this, and it is not allowed in current
TDA rules.

### Evaluating the Showdown

The best high five-card hand wins the pot.
