src/super-stud.md, before:

Super Stud and Variants
-----------------------

This game is a variation of seven-card stud games.  This game modifies the
rules of either [stud](./stud.md), [Stud High/Low
Eight-or-Better](stud-high-low-eight-or-better.md), or [Razz](./razz.md).

### Forced Money

The game is played with antes. 

If the game is stud or stud high-low eight-or-better, the low card on the board
by rank first and then by suit brings it in. The 2♣ is the lowest possible card
followed by the 2♦, 2♥, 2♠, and so on.

If the game is razz, the high card on the board by rank first and then by suit
brings it in. The K♠ is the highest possible card followed by the K♥, K♦, K♣,
and so on.

### Dealing Procedure

Starting with the player in seat one, each player is dealt four cards face down
then one card up. At this point, the game proceeds as [stud](./stud.md), [Stud
High/Low Eight-or-Better](stud-high-low-eight-or-better.md), or
[Razz](./razz.md), except that at the end of the first betting round, each
remaining player will discard two of their four down cards. Refer to the rules
of that variation for further details.

Commit message:

Maybe improve Super Stud rules.

src/super-stud.md, after:

Super Stud and Variants
-----------------------

This game is a variation of seven-card stud games.  This game modifies the
rules of either [stud](./stud.md), [Stud High/Low
Eight-or-Better](stud-high-low-eight-or-better.md), or [Razz](./razz.md).  Each
player starts with four down cards, and must discard two before fourth street.

### Forced Money

The game is played with antes. 

If the game is stud or stud high-low eight-or-better, the low card on the board
by rank first and then by suit brings it in. The 2♣ is the lowest possible card
followed by the 2♦, 2♥, 2♠, and so on.

If the game is razz, the high card on the board by rank first and then by suit
brings it in. The K♠ is the highest possible card followed by the K♥, K♦, K♣,
and so on.

### Dealing Procedure

Starting with the player in seat one, each player is dealt four cards face down
then one card up. 

At this point, there is a betting round.  As in [stud](./stud.md), [Stud
High/Low Eight-or-Better](stud-high-low-eight-or-better.md), or
[Razz](./razz.md), there is a bring-in and a round of betting.

Next, each player must discard two cards before fourth street is dealt.

Once fourth street is dealt, the game proceeds as in the regular stud
variation.
